Update to markdown links (#9384)
tendermint/tendermint: RELEASES.md

1. Start on `main`

2. Ensure that there is a [branch protection

>    rule](https://github.com/tendermint/tendermint/branches) for the

Reviewer: Technically the original link was correct, but it may be showing up as a 404 because you need admin privileges to access it. Let's rather substitute with GitHub's documentation here.

```suggestion
   rule](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/configuring-branches-and-merges-in-your-repository/defining-the-mergeability-of-pull-requests/managing-a-branch-protection-rule) for the
```

>    rule](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/configuring-branches-and-merges-in-your-repository/defining-the-mergeability-of-pull-requests/managing-a-branch-protection-rule) for the

Reviewer 2: @samricotta this is the line and link with the unreachable link....
